#summary How to run the demo
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
= Introduction =
This page explains how to run the demos.

= Getting the demo =
  # Download a *-runtime* file from the download section.
  # Unzip it
  # Open *two* shells / terminals / consoles and navigate (twice) to  : {{{$unzip_location/Dynamokos-XXX/runtime}}} (replace XXX by the version)
  
= Post 1 : Distributed OSGi Application with Apache CXF DOSGi =

To run the demo of the post 1, execute in a first console:
{{{
java -Dfelix.config.properties=file:./conf/oracle-dosgi.properties -jar bin/felix.jar cache/oracle-dosgi
}}}

This launches the Oracle OSGi platform.

Then launch in a second console:
{{{
java -Dfelix.config.properties=file:./conf/client-dosgi.properties -jar bin/felix.jar cache/client-dosgi
}}}

This launches the client and the web-part.

Once done, open a browser and go to [http://localhost:8080/dynamokos/index.html].

That's it !

= Post 2 : Introducing Dynamic Discovery =
First start the zookeeper server (require Java 6):
{{{
sh ./zookeeper/bin/zkServer.sh start
}}}

{{{
zookeeper\bin\zkServer.cmd start
}}}

Once started, launch the Oracle platform with:
{{{
java -Dfelix.config.properties=file:./conf/oracle-dosgi-zookeeper.properties -jar bin/felix.jar cache/oracle-dosgi-zookeeper
}}}

This launches the Oracle OSGi platform. The Prediction Service will be added to Zookeeper.

Then launch in a second console:
{{{
java -Dfelix.config.properties=file:./conf/client-dosgi-zookeeper.properties -jar bin/felix.jar cache/client-dosgi-zookeeper
}}}

This launches the client and the web-part. The Prediction service is discovered thanks to Zookeeper.

Once done, open a browser and go to [http://localhost:8080/dynamokos/index.html].

To check the dynamism, try to stop the Oracle bundle from the Oracle platform
{{{
stop 11
}}}

(check that the bundle 11 is the Oracle bundle :-))

If you refresh the page... The page is no more there.

Restart the bundle
{{{
start 11
}}}

Refresh the page.

That's it !

= Post 3 =
Relaunch Zookeeper and the server platform as in the previous post.
Then, to launch the pull version, launch:
{{{
java -Dfelix.config.properties=file:conf/client-dosgi-zookeeper-pull.properties -jar bin/felix.jar cache/client-dosgi-zookeeper-pull
}}}

To launch the push version, launch:
{{{
java -Dfelix.config.properties=file:conf/client-dosgi-zookeeper-cometd.properties -jar bin/felix.jar cache/client-dosgi-zookeeper-cometd
}}}

To see the dynamism impact, {{stop}} and {{start}} the bundle 11 from the server platform.

= Post 4 =
Coming soon